it's up guys this is lesson 4 I won't
see you tonight part 1 by VIN Sevenfold
and this is the clean part where shadows
just sinks and drums and just clean
guitar I'm coral tapped and I am in my
neck pickup on my sister gates custom
and I am running straight into my joe
satriani head into a pv windsor cab and
so you can finger pick this part if you
want that's all how I prefer to do it
you can use a pick but there'll be tabs
in description like always and yeah so
what I do I bar with my pointer finger
and then I put my other fingers where
the note should be because you change
around and you leave that kind of there
most of the time but you switch that
shape around so so on the E string
you'll be on the sixth fret B string
third fret where your bar is stand with
g string on the third fret mm-hmm and
then fifth fret on the D so and you kind
of just strum down down the four so you
do you string the G G so and say the
only thing you do differently on the
next time you just move your pinky down
one fifth fret instead of the sixth fret
same pattern how you go down a strum or
pick it
and then you take your pinky off and you
just have that bar they're still on the
third fret do the same thing and then
you come back to the fifth fret on the
e-string so this is how it sounds so far
and then you switch up to a different
shape eighth fret on the e-string sixth
on the b5 on the g and seven on the D
and you can still have that bar thing
going on so and you do the same strum
the same picking pattern you go down
down the down the fretboard so and then
you take your pinkie off and then so it
the e your on the E string your hitting
the fifth fret same and then it changes
up right here and you put your pinkie on
the B string on the eighth fret and you
kind of leave I leave my bar there
because that it's easy not to move it
around so it's like
and then you hit the B string then you
change up the pattern you hit B G G Dean
then back to the B and then the E string
and then you go down the fretboard again
- so it's pretty simple I'm making it
sound way harder than it should be but
yeah so the next part goes
you take that same shape down to where
you were before so you are on the sixth
fret E string fourth fret B string third
fret G and fifth D and you still have a
little bar thing so
so then you do the same you down the
fretboard the strings and then you
change your pinkie to the fifth fret and
so the sixth and then go and then to the
third fret just take your pick you off
back to fifth so that last part sounds
like so this is what it sounds like so
far
the next part is so take that same shape
from up here and take it down there so
you're on the fifth fret E string second
fret B um second fret g string
wait so third fret B string second fret
g string and fourth fret D so do that
same pattern where you go just down the
strings then you take your pinkie off
and hit second fret with on the E string
and then this this is how I do this part
but it might not be the easiest way I
move my middle finger down so it's
barring these two frets because so you
can hit all those notes and so it would
be and when you do that shape it is you
are on third fret E string third fret B
string and 2nd fret g string fourth fret
D so and then after you hit that you
slide up on that you string hit the
eighth fret on the E string seven on the
B five on the G and seven on the D so
that's it and then make sure you look at
the taps because I probably made it
really hard to learn that I'll play it
one time all the way through so you kind
of get something to play with you won't
and that is it for this lesson and I
just see you guys next time